# CS-230
Operating Platforms
1. Briefly summarize The Gaming Room client and their software requirements. Who was the client? What type of software did they want you to design?
> The Gaming Room is a business client of Creative Technology Solutions. The client requested the development of a web-based application that emulates the 1980s television gameshow, Win, Lose, or Draw. The application was based on CTS’ current game, Draw It or Lose It, which was only available as an Android app. The new application, however, was designed for compatibility on multiple platforms, with each instance of the game having the ability to host one or more unique teams. This feature was accomplished by requiring users to check whether a team name is currently in use when selecting their team’s name. Finally, each game was designed to be unique, which was achieved by creating unique identifiers for each game instance.
2. What did you do particularly well in developing this documentation?
> One aspect that I did particularly well with regard to developing the documentation was researching various platforms. The client wanted to expand the game to multiple platforms, which required extensive research on the features, advantages, and disadvantages of each platform. This knowledge was a critical component of the software documentation.
3. What about the process of working through a design document did you find helpful when developing the code?
> Working through the design document helped to break down the software requirements in a way that was easy to understand and implement in the code. The design document also helped to identify design constraints that shaped the development of the code. 
4. If you could choose one part of your work on these documents to revise, what would you pick? How would you improve it?
> Although extensive research was conducted on different platforms that would host the game, some of the technical details were not captured under the evaluation section of the design document. I would improve this section by writing a more comprehensive review of each platform.
5. How did you interpret the user’s needs and implement them into your software design? Why is it so important to consider the user’s needs when designing?
> Although user interviews and research were outside the scope of this project, the user’s needs were interpreted and implemented based on business requirements and other information provided by the client, the Gaming Room. It is important to consider the user’s needs when designing software because it benefits both the user and the client. These benefits include higher user satisfaction, higher efficiency for developers, as well as increased market advantage for the client.
6. How did you approach designing software? What techniques or strategies would you use in the future to analyze and design a similar software application?
> My primary approach to designing software is based on a user-centered framework. For this project, I developed an understanding of the users’ needs based on information provided by the client. This information was incorporated into the design document to ensure that the software would meet the client’s and the users’ needs. However, in the future, I would also adopt user interviews and user research as a part of the larger software analysis and design process. 
